Enhance moving around Lectures (#154)
missing-semester/missing-semester: _2020/potpourri.md

larger projects will have a contributing guide, tag beginner-friendly issues,
and some even have mentorship programs to help first-time contributors become
familiar with the project.

>     Read Next >> [Q&A](qa.md) OR back to [First Licture](course-shell.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Read Next >> [Q&A](qa.md) OR back to [the first lecture](course-shell.md)
```
